README.md, before:

# Expense-tracker
This is an expense tracker application. This app will allow you to monitor and categorise your expenses. 
[Click-here-to-visit-live-application](https://monitor-your-expense.netlify.app/)

## How to run the app
1. Either fork or download the app and open the folder in the cli
2. Install all dependencies using `npm install` command
3. Start the web app server using the `npm run dev` command. the app will be served at http://127.0.0.1:5173/
4. Go to http://127.0.0.1:5173/ in your browser and add your current income & expense

## How to add transaction
1. Click inside the text box at the bottom of the page 
2. type out a title and amount
3. submit the add transaction button

## Features
- this app have functionalities of add your income and expense
- you can search and filter out the transaction based on your added transaction 
- also you can delete your transaction
- transactions get validated. no empty transactions allowed

## Dependencies
- React
- Tailwind css
- sweetalert2
- React-icons

## What the app look like
![Alt text](https://github.com/rohan-sorkar/expense-tracker/blob/main/src/assets/application-ui.png?raw=true)

Commit message:

added updated readme.md file

README.md, after:

# Money-tracker
This is a money tracker web app. Where you can track your money. 
[Click-here-to-visit-live-application](https://track-your-taka.netlify.app/)

## How to run the app
1. Either fork or download the app and open the folder in the CLI
2. Install all dependencies using the `npm install` command
3. Start the web app server using the `npm run dev` command. the app will be served at   http://localhost:5173/
4. Go to http://localhost:5173/ in your browser and add your current income & expense

## How to add a transaction
1. There is a form you just need to type out the a and amount. after that click the add transaction button. 

## Features
- this app has functionalities to add your income and expense
- you can see your added transactions
- you can search and filter out the transaction based on your added transaction 
- also you can delete your transaction
- you can select a transaction
- you can delete all selected transactions 
- transactions get validated. no empty transactions allowed

## Dependencies
- React
- Tailwind CSS
- sweetalert2
- React-icons
